# iGEM_Chalmers_Gothenburg_2021
 Code for the iGEM 2021 Chalmers/Gothenburg team


## Induction system
Folder "Induction_system" contains code and data used for analysis of our indcution system, with Rstudio

The following R packages have been used in the analysis, all of which are available to install through CRAN:
- tidyverse
- viridis
- hexbin)
- patchwork)
- data.table)
- ggpubr)
- ggridges)

We have also included R markdown .html files if one wishes to quickly view the code and plots without actually re-running anything. Markdown html's are available for the scripts in each of the following folders:

### Facs
 Contains the data and script used to process data for cells with BFP induction system. Thus, some GFP and RFP aswell.
 
### Guava results
 Contains both data ans scripts used to process data generated by the guava flow cytometer. Only induction plasmids for GFP and RFP were tested. One script is for only one integrated plasmid ("Guava1plasmid_tidyresults.Rmd") while the other is for both 1 and 2 integrated plasmids ("Guava1&2plasmids_tidyresults.Rmd").
 
### RBS
Contains how the data generated for the RBS (ribosome binding site) was processed.

## Genome scale modeling
Folder "Genome_scale_model" contains the matlab code and data used to run the raven and GECKO model.

## RoseTTAFold
Our protein structure prediction task was done with the help of a new generation machine learning method named RoseTTAFold, developed and trained by Baker Lab at Institute for Protein Design, University of Washington. It allows one to quickly and accurately predict protein structures based on limited information.

We used RoseTTAFold to predict the protein structures of our interest. And the result of prediction is available in this GitHub repository under "RoseTTaFold" folder, presented in pdb format.

To read more about RoseTTAFold, see:

https://robetta.bakerlab.org/

